I guess we don't have a dress code I'm
looking at my sneakers yeah I asked last
night I said to my wife I'm on Jimmy
tomorrow night how did I wear she gave
me some advice but then my son was here
somewhere 17 years old said you gotta
wear cool sneakers only cool people wear
cool sneakers that's true so the next
thing I know he's going through my
sneaker inventory I'm actually a sneaker
addict are you really a Nike sneaker
how many do you have how many pairs of
sneakers about 50/50 huh yeah but I give
a lot away you do you give them you have
sorry who has your size who you give
them to what size are you 11
Oh perfect that's me when I got your
book I went right to the index to look
up my name as I do with all booger in
the secret oh man you and I know and I
did not find my name but I did and I
want to tell you I was touched
personally to read the dedication in the
book and you want to read that along
with me there it says this of the many
decisions I've made as both business man
and man I'm most proud to have hired
Jimmy Kimmel and that includes proposing
to my beautiful wife willow Jimmy you
are my pride and my joy I love you
book is from the heart you know I
probably knew with the possible
exception of Roseann caused you more
headaches than anyone in the last 15
years would you say that's true
absolutely and I did not make the book
here's what I don't understand yeah what
you've been on the air with 17 years 17
January yeah
I've never been on the show you've not
not been asked to be on the show oh yeah
you've not so yeah and so you're saying
maybe we're even by the way speaking of
17 years not that I'm just gonna
complain the whole time but I do have
you here this is my Disney ID card for
ABC yeah and and you see there's a
letter on the back of the card a letter
n which means no discount so when I go
to the I go to this nice store next door
if I go to Disneyland they're like full
price churros for you thank you for that
actually he started at ABC in 1974 what
was your job back 45 years ago 45 years
I was called a studio supervisor which
was lower than a production assistant I
was the assistant to the production it
sounds higher than was the production
system so you worked was like the
biggest star you worked with when you're
a kid doing that job Frank Sinatra
that's a pretty big star did you get to
talk to Frank Sinatra's actually cool
ABC was doing a live Frank Sinatra
concert from Madison Square Garden
called the main event the one where he
was in the boxing ring boxing ring and
Howard Cosell who was then a famous
announcer for ABC Sports introduced him
and I was asked at some point to get mr.
Sinatra Listerine here at Madison Square
Garden it's not like there's a Listerine
store at Madison Square Garden
so I dutifully ran out found a drugstore
of some sort this is before CBS this is
45 years ago and found Listerine came
running back went to his dressing room
knocked on the door I felt like it was
about four feet tall
and a security person who was about ten
feet tall mm-hmm open the door yes I
said I have Mr Sinatra's Listerine yeah
kid do you know wait a minute and next
thing I know Frank Sinatra appears he
said what's your name I told him my name
where are you from I said Brooklyn I was
born in Brooklyn right - it was a
Brooklyn boys he said what do you do I
gave him my title I gave him the
Listerine he handed me a fresh hundred
dollar bill Wow and interestingly enough
at the end of the concert everybody that
worked on the concert got a gold
cigarette lighter that said thanks Frank
oh I spent $100 bill in like 55 seconds
right yeah and I kept the cigarette
lighter that's pretty good
yeah oh you still have oh you have it
right here this is Frank Sinatra never
been here is it never been used worth
five bucks no it's got it well that's
what happened was I gave it to my dad
wow it was a big Sinatra fan Wow my dad
died in 2011 look at that and now you're
giving it to me
the discount you uh in my pocket he did
something that you did an event with
Oprah last week and at that event Oprah
said she wishes you would run for
president and she said if you did run
for president she would go door-to-door
passing out leaflets mm-hmm but wouldn't
it be fun to do it just so we could see
Oprah I don't know where you're going
with this but I will run for president
if you also joined Hope true if I don't
oh oh I would absolutely pass out
leaflets there's no question about it if
Donald Trump is removed from office
impeach Roo from office will you remove
him from the Hall of Presidents at
Disneyland and Disney World
I think I'm allowed to plead the fifth
hey I think you are yeah yeah well did
you have any second thoughts when you
were writing the book about what you
should put in there what you should not
put in there
well it's glaring that you're not in
there yeah I assume you're saving that
for the next 15 years yeah yeah I wanted
to write a book that was essentially a
collection of leadership lessons things
that I've learned that I could impart to
other people but I also wanted to be
entertaining so I did a fair amount of
editing I actually made 2,800 edits five
days before my deadline really yes Wow
so I made a lot of decisions ago came up
with the title was that your idea ride
of a lifetime is it a good idea it's
pretty good but I came up with some
other ones maybe use them for the next
ones or what this only this one is I
bought Fox and I'll buy you two
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon I think is
a good one this is a oh this right like
a lot I've seen c-3po news now speaking
of c-3po you since you started that this
country company I know it's gonna sound
like as missing at this country that is
Disney that is practically a country now
the company's worth like almost 5 times
what it was when you started so you
bought Marvel you bought Pixar you
bought Lucasfilm there's some talking
made by the ocean I understand Pacific
Pacific if that works we'll move on to
the Atlantic but we lost a few months
ago or several months ago we lost
spider-man to Sony somehow and then you
got spider-man back how did you get
spider-man back miraculously was Tom
Holland really a part of that
conversation he was he was we had an
event called d23 which is right big
Disney Lenny fan event and Tom was there
because he's a voice in a new Pixar
movie called onward tech with Chris
Pratt and he said something on stage it
was clear that the fans wanted Tom back
as
yes it was made by marvel and our marvel
production team right and after d23 Tom
reached out to folks who work for me
said could I please have Bob's email
address or phone number of course I'm
very protected so they were very careful
and I said sure I have him have him
contact me and he did we spoke and he
basically made it he cried on the phone
did he really no not really that he
cared so much actually we care a lot
about him he's a great spider-man he's
the best father I felt I actually I felt
for him and it was clear that the fans
wanted all this to happen so after I got
off the phone with him I made a couple
of phone calls to our his team at the
Disney Studios and then I decided to
call the head of Sony and I said we have
to get we got to figure out a way to get
this done for Tom and for the fans like
- divorced parents and we did coming
together and figuring it out and that's
how it happened that's how it happened
well that's great name I told them you
know what happens you know sometimes you
know companies when they're negotiating
are people when they're negotiating with
one another they kind of forget that
there are other folks out there that
actually matter there are spiders men
and women out there who you have to
think of in these situations
there's a whole Parker family out there
well thank you for bringing the Parkers
back to Marvel where were they
the book is called the ride of a
lifetime Bob Iger everybody with David
Packard Smokey Robinson I am Jimmy
Kimmel and I am not allowed to eat this
cookie until you click the subscribe
button so please click now I'm hungry